Adding upgrading to v0.7 section (#604)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/usage/upgrading/v0_6_to_v0_7.md

# Upgrading v0.6 to v0.7

> When upgrading from v0.6 to v0.7, the installation script simply needs to be ran again. However, due to some breaking changes, some manual adjustments are required for existing workloads using the control interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading from v0.6 to v0.7, the installation script simply needs to be ran again. However, due to some breaking changes, some manual adjustments are required for existing workloads using the control interface directly and not through the Python or Rust SDK. 
No changes are required for workloads using one of the SDK as the changes are already handled by the  SDK itself.
```

## Control Interface Accepted message

For the stability of the communication, a new message was introduced that confirms the connection of a workload to the control interface, after Ankaios receives the initial `Hello`.

```proto
message ControlInterfaceAccepted {
}
```

## Podman-kube control interface

> Using the control interface with a podman-kube workload is now possible. Because of the way podman-kube works, the control interface will be setup for the specified pod and container, with the mount point being `podName/containerName`. Other containers from the same or other pods do not have access to the control interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use the control interface also from podman-kube workloads. As podman-kube works could be composed by multiple pods with multiple containers in each pod, the control interface pipes will be provided to a specific pod and container defined in the `controlInterfaceTarget` field of the workload's `runtimeConfig`. Other containers from the same or other pods will not have access to the control interface.
```

> Config example for configuring control interface access to a podman-kube workload (not all required fields are present):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples shows the manifest of a podman-kube workload setup for control interface access:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v0.1
workloads:
  simple:

>     runtime: podman-kube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    agent: agent_A
    runtime: podman-kube
    controlInterfaceAccess:
      allowRules:
      - type: StateRule
        operation: Read
        filterMask:
        - "desiredState"
```
